voila these slip motor batteries at an
affordable price and I can will meet the
challenge of any digging project you
have always remember to locate all
underground utilities before digging
introducing the baby boomer 2000 you
will find the hook-up of the 2000 to be
fast and very easy to hook it up all you
do is lock down levers and connect the
hoses so quick so easy you are now ready
to dig up to 7 feet deep
at last digging is fast and easy with
the lack endure boomer series you'll dig
with speed and ease with its excellent
maneuverability and visibility it is now
easier than ever today we'll look at the
Hydra swing backhoe you will see it uses
an electric solenoid mount on the
backhoe to operate two cylinders from
one hydraulic valve on your machine
simply mount the switch to your steering
lever look the black and white wires to
your battery or any 12-volt source it
has an easy plug in so you can lead the
switch and wire on the machine when you
disconnect the backhoe to operate the
swing hold the switch and move your
auxiliary hydraulic valve right or left
to swing when you let go of the switch
your Tillery valve will operate the
bucket cylinder before you use it you
will want to remove the two yellow
colored bolts used for shipping purposes
next open the needle valve on front of
the electric solenoids half to one full
turn after startup you can dial in the
speed of swing you desire hookup is
quick and easy pull into the backhoe
with your machine lock your two levers
down connect your two hydraulic hoses
and plug in the electric wire you are
now ready to date
digging is very easy to do use your
auxiliary control to operate the bucket
and let it do the ripping and digging
lift up the bucket fold the switch and
swing right or left
remember to use caution when digging and
always locate all underground utilities
one unique feature on the model Hydra
swing back oh is it the capability to
offset dig simply pull the two red
handle pins and move the backhoe boom in
cylinder to the right this offset
capability allows you to dig right
alongside buildings and foundations
when offset digging always use common
sense so as not to overburden the skid
loader in this position
lubrication points are denoted by the
grease gun emblems grease major pivot
points twice daily when in heavy use